and also of course to say that there is
because it made us dream different
occasions okay but I want to say
one thing this makes me very happy to say
this
selfishly I say no if I did the
girls challenge themselves in one
square where he did so well
what struck me until I got it
known of course knew one
footballer as I believe we have
set rules as they do not remember
was also times I was also but
what struck me but let's say that
I returned to a city ​​on a team
where I did two fantastic years
I returned sincerely to a team
where there have also been changes
especially from the point of view of where
he trains things when I was there
I didn't train the bells but if there is
now we really strip the dough
they are a great sports center though
the same warehousemen remained i
physiotherapists themselves many agents of
when I was there and therefore sincerely
does not seem to have been
for six years
characteristics of the territory
of season what experience but from
maybe I'll tell you a little how they went
things as you answer all of these
questions I have had an experience in
emirates we also had a contract
until December that was definitely
a nice experience but it was not the
football that I thought I might find
so I also after what is
success I said you play soccer
play soccer if I stop I stop and I had
still a great desire to play and to
do well because I still feel the
want to feel the adrenaline of people
pressures things when my
prosecutor said there was
Florentine who was looking for several
strikers and then including maybe yes
it could be my hypothesis of the
back to florence so then I followed
this is a bit of these events
they were going to take berbatov then not
they took me honestly it was a bit
happy even if you did n't get close
in the end so I said apart
I'm joking when there was this
possibility I told her with my parents
prosecutors told him look if there is
the possibility of returning to Florence
because if I have become what I am
and what I've done is clear that
I owe especially to these two years where
I went to Florence so I was back
some worries because you are
return to a square where a lot is done
well it's hard but I wanted to come back
here to try to help out a
team scale and then again I am
really very hot so when
there was this possibility
honestly I didn't want manager
not even know of the extent of the contract
things but I said I go with enthusiasm
because I like it is a challenge that I like
masculine that I want to put back into
I play and I feel the heart to give so much
maybe I'm not at football right now
training with the team is clear perhaps
I try to integrate with something else
because after I did some
vacation that I need to disconnect
after what even me not
success i got training with my
Modena coach that you know when
tellini with the team
play even more when they are
even worse for comparison
so there is always a desire to train and
sense of having gone far enough
also the staff but well found
pretty well
do not think that I was not well because
train yourself in different marsico fabrics
the team is clear what I miss
most of all and the match because I could
train with my friends later maybe
morning physical work was going to
play soccer with some people
with a team from my country but up
what I especially miss is one
intense match a real game that
now training with my companions
slowly I am recovering the 20 on
forcing a few years
of that shot at home against rival
one we come we thought 5 we say
that the desire to do well goes beyond
of the match with the juve I repeat myself
I get back in the game because I still want to
doing well also reminds you of the goal you
we did in Turin against Juventus
where I beat him the record of buggery
the 28th sleeps does not remember fact
just in Turin with the juve I know how
listen to this game I don't like to say
what it does and what you don't do or the only thing
what can I say if I get the chance to
play will try to help at the most
rapist is certainly one hundred per cent
one hundred
I will give all that I have created
what what can i say i
my two years there was a group
great because the first year they came
from
but salvation on the last day with
brescia I remember we started again with
prandelli was a very young group
however it was a fantastic group group that
they are well together in fact it was
a beautiful ride towards the
champions also the following year
despite the fact that we started from less than me
it looks like 16 and 17 19 so after we are
managed to get in uefa
even there besides being a team
strong because he was a strong team there was
a fantastic group and from me
they said in recent years there was not
more with group enthusiasm with
enthusiasm to train that enthusiasm
to help each other that you think it is
secret for a city and a school of
Florentine room and therefore already from the first
days I see that there is new air I do it myself
they say more than there were the year
Last then they stayed in a few, however,
they said that of course we return to
breathe that air that maybe those
years where there was me too which I think it is
fundamental for a team like the
Florentine that there is a desire to
play together to help each other